Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 17-10-2020

Your privacy is important to us
It is None's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.facebook.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.facebook.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.

Contents
Click below to jump to any section of this privacy policy

Website Visitors
Personally-Identifying Information
Links To External Sites
Privacy Policy Changes
Contact Information & Credit
1. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, None collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. None's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how None's visitors use its website. From time to time, None may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

None also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.facebook.com blog posts. None only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.

Back to table of contents

2. Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to None's websites choose to interact with None in ways that require None to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that None gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who leave a comment at http://www.facebook.com to provide a username and email address.

Back to table of contents

3. Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

Back to table of contents

4. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, None may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in None's sole discretion. None encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Back to table of contents

5. Contact Information & Credit
This privacy policy was created at privacyterms.io privacy policy generator. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.

Back to table of contents